So the next thing that we want to do in our
garden when we are ready to plant is we want
to lay our plants out with their proper spacing.
These snap dragons happen to look best when
they are planted about eight to ten inches
apart so before I plant them I'm just going
to set them in the ground so I can decide
where they are going to go. So even though
these are falling over I will still be able
to figure out where I want them to be when
I plant them. This way I ensure as I go that
I will have the proper spacing so when you
are ready to plant the first plant of course
you want to gently remove it from the pot.
I like to gently tease the roots apart and
I do this just by taking the root ball and
squeezing it gently between my thumbs. As
you can see I haven't really broken up the
root ball I've just sort of gently loosened
up those roots a little bit. The next thing
I want to do is take my trowel and dig a hole
that is about the same size as the plant.
When I plant this I want to make sure that
the top of the root ball is at the same level
as the surrounding soil.